This is not necessarily the case. This is how we look at the patient’s ability to recover next Christmas.
If the blood circulation in the brain is completely opened,
He will have more things to do on his own in the future.
It is recommended that you take him to a familiar place with many people after he is discharged from the hospital.
Walk more.
Thank you. Are you meeting my sister?
Do you want to hear how I call others?
I don’t know spring! I want to tell the truth for you.
Clear sky. Do you know it hurts when you hit someone like this? Okay,
What do you want to hear?
Don't lie to me. Why change the identity of Su Jiuling?
When I found you back then,
You were seriously injured.
I didn’t expect that after writing it
Later, your condition became better.
I will take you every day
until one day
I saw them coming out of seclusion for you
Obviously the body didn't even grow
It turns out we live in this matter
I want to keep you on my body
But he didn’t want to make you love him
Come less